1. fix zeta function file by adding dirichlet-eta function approximations (complete)
2. add python file that can find area of random step functions (complete)
3. document the random area and fix the print statements to provide more information (completed the documentation)
4. add dice game (complete)
5. learn matplotlib
6. add basic trading algorithm (complete)
7. document the simple dice game (complete)
8. document the basic trading algorithm (complete)
9. add numeric integration by simpson's 1/3 rule (complete)
10. implement exponential betting strategy (complete)
11. demonstrate Euler's identity using cmath library
12. do something with regression models
13. fix bugs in exponential betting strategy (complete)
14. document exponential betting strategy (complete)
15. represent collatz conjecture as markov chain (complete)
16. add new bounds for exponential betting strategy (complete)
17. make an algorithm that can test whether or not complex numbers are in a fractal
18. fix bugs in exponential betting (complete)
19. document the Collatz Markov system (complete)
20. add numeric integration by simpson's 3/8 rule
21. print the transformation matrix for the collatz markov chain
22. write a script for finding determinants, cross products and various other matrix operations (added dot products)
23. demonstrate proofs in set theory
24. test to see if dot product finder actually works
25. document how dot products are found (complete)
26. remove redundant variables in vector calculations (complete)
27. raise e to the power of a matrix
28. document how cross products are found (complete)
29. fix the input statements in vectors.py to allow floats (complete)
30. expand vectors.py to complex numbers (complete)
31. make a method that can check if the matrix is hermitian
32. fix bugs in vectors (complete)
33. demonstrate concepts from new statistics book
34. make function that can find unions and intersections of sets (complete)
35. document the intersection function
36. find a way to impliment continuous random variables
37. document the union function
38. makes methods to find cartesian products and set differences
